# thefoxsociety.net

Landing site for all my stuff.

## Setup

1. Download [npm](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
2. Run `npm install`.

## Developing

To start developing, you need to run the daemon. It consists out of three parts:

- **Tailwind**: a css library that dynamically generates css based on the html classes used in the pages.
- **Static Site Generator**: a custom script that generates html from pages and templates. This allows to reuse certain html components like header and footer while remaining fully static, which Tailwind does not support on its own. Output html will be put directly to the repository root. Unfortunately, this is necessary for a static hosting like Github Pages - `index.html` has to be in the root.
- **Vite**: a development server that enables automatic page updates when html changes and hosts the site on a local network so that it can be testted on different devices.


To run the daemon, use:

```
npm run dev
```

You can also run dev components by themselves:

```bash
npm run tailwind
npm run ssg
npm run vite
```

### project structure

```
input.css
output.css
src/
	pages/
	templates/
```

- `input.css` - input css with additional components for Tailwind.
- `output.css` - output css generated by Tailwind.
- `src` - folder with source html files and templates.
- `pages` - html pages that will become the website.
- `templates` - reusable templates that will be applied to the pages to generate the full website.

### template usage

A template named `foxe.html`:
```html
<p>I LOVE foxe</p>
<p>Hell yeah foxe</p>
```

`index.html` that uses the template:
```html
<!doctype html>
<html>
	{{foxe}}
</html>
```

Output `index.html`:

```html
<!doctype html>
<html>
	<p>I LOVE foxe</p><p>Hell yeah foxe</p>
</html>
```
